Create documentation for component and related packages (#7)
kyma-incubator/documentation-component: docs/templates/document-templates/plugin_README.md

> # {Name} {#required}

Reviewer: > NOTE: Sections with the asterisk sign (*) are optional.

```suggestion
# Plugin Name
```

> > **NOTE**: Modify the `{Name}` and insert the name of your plugin. Use Heading 1 (H1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify the plugin name and insert the name of your plugin. Use Heading 1 (H1).
```

> ## Overview {#required}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Overview
```

> Provide a description of the plugin(s) functionality and on what types of resources is/are adapted.

Reviewer: Provide a description of the plugin functionality. For example, describe the resources types on which it is adapted.

> ## Prerequisites {#optional}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites*
```

> > **NOTE**: This section is optional if only required dependency is `@kyma-project/documentation-component`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: Don't consider`@kyma-project/documentation-component` a prerequisite. 
```

> List the required packages (especially appropriate render engine) to use the plugin(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List the packages, including render engines, required to use the plugin. 
```

> > **Example**: 

Reviewer: Remove the example.

> - @kyma-project/dc-markdown-render-engine: 0.1.0

> ## Installation {#required}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installation
```

> Explain the steps to install your plugin(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explain the steps to install your plugin.
```

> > **Example**: 

Reviewer: Remove the example.

> ```bash
> npm i @kyma-project/dc-frontmatter-plugins
> ```

> ## Options {#required - if config exists}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuration*
```

> List in the table available options of the plugin. Please use the table's structure as in example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a table listing the available options for your plugin. Use the following table structure:
```

> > **NOTE**: If the options are complex or in package are several plugins, you can use a subsections. If not, please use table's structure in below example.

Reviewer: I would remove this panel note as I wouldn't go with subsections, but... @magicmatatjahu we can discuss it with @kazydek :)

> > **Example**: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> | Name | Required | Type | Default value | Description |
> |---|---|---|---|---|

> > | `disableRelativeLinks` | NO | `boolean` | `false` | Disable relative links in markdown files |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> | `disableRelativeLinks` | No | `boolean` | `false` | Disable relative links in markdown files |
```

> ## Development {#optional}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Development*
```

> Add instructions on how to develop the plugin(s). It must be clear what to do and how to trigger the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add instructions on how to develop the plugin. It must be clear what to do and how to trigger the tests.
```
